README.md, before:

# Lovelace Custom Cards
Custom cards for lovelace

## How to use

### Simple version

- Copy the `js` file from inside the card folder you like (e.g. monster-card), inside your `config/www`
- Add the `js` file as dependency inside your `ui-lovelace.yaml`

Example:

```yaml
resources:
  - url: /local/monster-card.js?v=1
    type: js
```

⚠️ Make sure you change v=1 to a higher number every time you update your card with new code!

- Configure the new card inside `ui-lovelace.yaml` according to the instructions provided

### Using tracker-card

If you ended up using more cards and want to get update notifications and easier to use workflow you can use [tracker-card](/tracker-card/).

- Clone this repository inside your `config/www`

```bash
git clone -b 'master' --single-branch --depth 1 https://github.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace.git
```

- Add the cards as resources inside your `ui-lovelace.yaml`

Example:

```yaml
resources:
  - url: /local/custom-lovelace/monster-card/monster-card.js?v=1
    type: js
```

- Configure the cards inside `ui-lovelace.yaml` according to the instructions provided
- Configure [tracker-card](/tracker-card/) acording to the [instructions](/tracker-card/README.md)


⭐️ this repository if you found it useful ❤️

## Contributions

If you'd like to contribute functionality of fixes please make sure you follow a few guidelines:
- Submit your PR against "dev" branch
- Make sure you have configuration example in your PR
- Make sure you include documentation in existing README.md
- If it's a new component make sure it includes README.md
- Any changes to files must include updates to VERSION file (syntax: major.minor.bufix)

## FAQ

### I have added the custom card javascript file in my `www` folder, but it doesn't load, why?
If this was the first time you created the `www` folder in your `config` than you MUST restart Home Assistant.

### I get a error with `n.setConfig' is undefied`, how do i fix this?
This is usually caused by running an older frontend. If you're already running 0.73 or newer please make sure you  have cleared browser cache. On mobile app you can also force a few refreshes. If you're running IOS device check next question.

### Custom components don't load on my IOS device?
This is because for IOS devices by default javascript served is `es5`. You can allow custom components to load by forcing `javascript_version: latest` in your `configuration.yaml` under `frontend:`. 

> Note: Enabling `latest` on IOS could cause automation and script editor to crash.

### I am running Firefox but custom cards like gauge-card look bad or don't load at all. How do I fix this?

This is probably because your version of Firefox doesn't have custom components supported or enabled. Please set to `true` in your `about:config` the following settings: `dom.webcomponents.customelements.enabled` and `dom.webcomponents.shadowdom.enabled`

### I followed all steps to add custom component but I see javascript errors in my browser. What happend?

It dependso on the errors. 

1. For the following errors:
  - `Cannot call a class constructor without |new|`
  - `Class constructor BigNumberCard cannot be invoked without 'new'`

Please make sure you have `javascript_version: latest` in your `configuration.yaml` under `frontend:`.

2. For the following errors:
  - `Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token <`

This is most likely because you downloaded the [html](https://github.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace/blob/master/gauge-card/gauge-card.js) from gitbut instead of [raw](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace/master/gauge-card/gauge-card.js). That is not valid javascript. Always make sure you download using `raw` button.

## Credits
- [@ciotlosm](https://github.com/ciotlosm)

Commit message:

initial commit
Cleaning up some stuff.

* Removing old comments
* Removing shadow dom for the ha-card
* Removing console logs
* CSS variables

Making sure we are actually an climate component

Getting temperature unit from hass config

updating documentation

Fixing cooling color issue

Renamed to match standards

Included correct link in docs

Added temporary image for card

Fixed credits

Updated MIT license

Updated license again

More updates to test

still broken but making progress

A more working version, but still height bugs

The most incredible fix

Added title

Updated docs and stuff

Improved title a bit

Improved title

Added todo list

Added dual temperature 1st draft for inner text

New update to dual temperature

Middle of refactor (#126)

* Unusable

* Even more weird refactoring

* Even more refactoring

* More refactoring

trying to hide values when overlapping

Added more off exception

Added tap for controls

New refactor (#128)

* Refactoring with new ranges

* Corrected single target active ticks, added ring for editing

* Number fixes

Added thermo icon

Updates to thermostat

Updates to thermostat

README.md, after:

# Lovelace Custom Cards
Custom cards for lovelace

## How to use

### Simple version

- Copy the `js` file from inside the card folder you like (e.g. monster-card), inside your `config/www`
- Add the `js` file as dependency inside your `ui-lovelace.yaml`

Example:

```yaml
resources:
  - url: /local/monster-card.js?v=1
    type: js
```

⚠️ Make sure you change v=1 to a higher number every time you update your card with new code!

- Configure the new card inside `ui-lovelace.yaml` according to the instructions provided

### Using tracker-card

If you ended up using more cards and want to get update notifications and easier to use workflow you can use [tracker-card](/tracker-card/).

- Clone this repository inside your `config/www`

```bash
git clone -b 'master' --single-branch --depth 1 https://github.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace.git
```

- Add the cards as resources inside your `ui-lovelace.yaml`

Example:

```yaml
resources:
  - url: /local/custom-lovelace/monster-card/monster-card.js?v=1
    type: js
```

- Configure the cards inside `ui-lovelace.yaml` according to the instructions provided
- Configure [tracker-card](/tracker-card/) acording to the [instructions](/tracker-card/README.md)


⭐️ this repository if you found it useful ❤️

## Contributions

If you'd like to contribute functionality of fixes please make sure you follow a few guidelines:
- Submit your PR against "dev" branch
- Make sure you have configuration example in your PR
- Make sure you include documentation in existing README.md
- If it's a new component make sure it includes README.md
- Any changes to files must include updates to VERSION file (syntax: major.minor.bufix)

## FAQ

### I have added the custom card javascript file in my `www` folder, but it doesn't load, why?
If this was the first time you created the `www` folder in your `config` than you MUST restart Home Assistant.

### I get a error with `n.setConfig' is undefied`, how do i fix this?
This is usually caused by running an older frontend. If you're already running 0.73 or newer please make sure you  have cleared browser cache. On mobile app you can also force a few refreshes. If you're running IOS device check next question.

### Custom components don't load on my IOS device?
This is because for IOS devices by default javascript served is `es5`. You can allow custom components to load by forcing `javascript_version: latest` in your `configuration.yaml` under `frontend:`. 

> Note: Enabling `latest` on IOS could cause automation and script editor to crash.

### I am running Firefox but custom cards like gauge-card look bad or don't load at all. How do I fix this?

This is probably because your version of Firefox doesn't have custom components supported or enabled. Please set to `true` in your `about:config` the following settings: `dom.webcomponents.customelements.enabled` and `dom.webcomponents.shadowdom.enabled`

### I followed all steps to add custom component but I see javascript errors in my browser. What happend?

It dependso on the errors. 

1. For the following errors:
  - `Cannot call a class constructor without |new|`
  - `Class constructor BigNumberCard cannot be invoked without 'new'`

Please make sure you have `javascript_version: latest` in your `configuration.yaml` under `frontend:`.

2. For the following errors:
  - `Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token <`

This is most likely because you downloaded the [html](https://github.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace/blob/master/gauge-card/gauge-card.js) from gitbut instead of [raw](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ciotlosm/custom-lovelace/master/gauge-card/gauge-card.js). That is not valid javascript. Always make sure you download using `raw` button.

## License
Majority of cards use Apache License, however there are some that have their own LICENSE file.

## Credits
- [@ciotlosm](https://github.com/ciotlosm)
